things you should prioritize when you're moving to a new location. Obviously,
where you're gonna live. Um, how far away is that? From where
you're gonna be working? What type of things air around that place
that you intend on living? As far as resource is, community service
is things like that. You have a family, then you definitely want to
look at You know what kind of schools air in that area that your kids
might be going to on the quality of those schools? What type of job
opportunities there gonna be there for your spouse as you move to
that new location and you're trying to pick somewhere to live. So you
want to kind of take all those things into perspective?